Update `files` field in `package.json` (#4318)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

      -  New style options added `suggestedActionsVisualKeyboardIndicatorColor`, `suggestedActionsVisualKeyboardIndicatorStyle`, `suggestedActionsVisualKeyboardIndicatorWidth`
   -  Suggested actions container will be unmounted when there are no suggested action button to display
   -  Suggested actions container is not longer a live region. The suggested action buttons will now be narrated by the chat history live region
-  Published NPM packages will now only includes `/dist`, `/lib`, and `/src` folders

>    -  Previously, `/dist` was missed from our NPM packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The `/dist` folder was previously missing from our NPM packages
```

### Changed

-  Resolves [#4301](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/4301). Updated `Dockerfile` to support secure container supply chain, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim) in PR [#4303](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/4303)

> -  Resolves [#4317](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/4317). Updated `package.json` to allowlist `/dist`, `/lib`, `/src`, by [@compulim](https://github.com/compulim) in PR [#XXX](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/pull/XXX)

Author: Done.
